---
title: "One take"
layout: post
date: 2023-06-03
---

# Intro

Things on the youtube channel are going to change. I don't like or have time to do extensive editing and to nurture videos on the channel into what the industry and most of youtube requires of me, due to the format in witch the popular videos are in.

For that reason, I am doing a few things specifically going forward. I have talked 

### The plan, highlights:

1. Demo the script/product

    I will just demo the script or the finished or partially finished app in the videos. The result will be the videos. No longer long boring videos.

2. Document the code

    There are going to be 2 places where the final code will be found:
    1. GitHub

         - The entire code, documented in the readme.md file and commented where required

    2. Codingwithchip.com

        - A explanation of the code, documentation of the code, basically a blog post saying what the readme is saying and more

3. No more live coding long boring

    As I mentioned before, the live coding sessions are boring and long and not very productive, I'm not going to be making that anymore

4. Every video- blog post

    Whenever I post a video, there will be a blog post attached in the description

5. The videos going forward- one take

    I am going to stop puttin effort into editing and will try my best to do a perfect one take of the next videos. This is for me and you. I get better at preseting things, you get better content

    1. Very little editing , if any
    2. No B-roll just screen and me

        Not that I had a lot of B-roll before, but I'm going to limit exclusively the videos of just recording myself trough the webcam, and recording my screen when demo-ing

    3. Minimum effort, canva template thumbnails

        I'm using canva to make my thumbnails, and I will use it going forward, but I will just use 1-2-3 templates and cycle trough them , changing the text and the picture. Minimum effort. The idea is that the message gets across
